# Resume_2024-05-27_7924892

Sourabh Singhal
Business Analyst
4 Years 9 Months
sourabhsinghal005@gmail…
9399984665
Microsoft Azure Data Engineer with 4.8 years of IT experience, specializing
in cloud-based ETL solutions.
I excel in FMCG supply chain and CPG vendor business sectors. My expertise in
developing data pipelines and operational solutions is complemented by a
passion for learning and understanding complex business environments. I
ensure data systems are robust and strategically aligned with business goals.
Key Skills
Azure Data
Factory
Azure Databricks
Azure Synapse
Analytics
ADLS
PySpark
Python
SQL
Courses & Certifications
Azure Fundamental AZ 900 and DP 900
Alteryx Core and Advance (Valid upto
November 2025)
Gen AI Intermediate
Personal Details
Date of Birth
18-April-1997
Marital Status
Single / Unmarried
About Me
Profile Summary
Education
B.Tech/B.E., VIT University
Work Experience
Business Analyst
Genpact
As a Data Engineer, I have developed a Net Sales Revenue
framework for Coca-Cola vendors, designed to track their
financial performance and forecast potential payment
delays.
In collaboration with my team, we transitioned manual Excel
reporting to Power BI automation for Coca Cola, streamlining
processes and reducing the need for a 12-person operations
team.
Senior Analyst
Capgemini
In my previous position with Unilever, I employed DevOps
principles to enhance the efficiency of the supply chain
operations. My role involved constructing pipelines in Azure
Data Factory (ADF) and performing Azure Databricks (ADB)
transformations to streamline workflows. 
I used to create Pipelines in ADF and Transformations in ADB
to create workflow then Data Warehouse (Azure Synapse) to
use dimensions and facts to create views that can be used
by Analytics team to create PBI reports, further those can be
used by businesses to make data driven solutions.
2019
2022
-
Present
2019
-
2022
